Note on noDictionary compression for metrics columns in forward-index.md (#244)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: basics/indexing/forward-index.md

}
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> **Note**: By default only dimensions in `"noDictionaryColumns"` are compressed with `LZ4`. Compression can be enabled on metrics columns by adding the following to the table index config. This changes will apply only to new segments. Old segments will have to be refreshed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: By default only dimensions in `"noDictionaryColumns"` are compressed with `LZ4`. Compression can be enabled on metrics columns by adding the following to the table index config. Changes are only applied to new segments. Old segments will have to be refreshed.
```

Reviewer: thank you, @t0mpere!
